feat: [TKC-1817] document on prem bootstrap configuration (#5305)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/testkube-pro-on-prem/articles/usage-guide.md

  inviteMode: auto-accept
```

### Organization and Environment Management

Testkube Pro On-Prem allows you to manage organizations and environments using configuration.

```helm
testkube-cloud-api:
  api:
    features:
      bootstapConfig:
        enabled: true
        config:
          organizations:
            - name: prod_organization
              environments:
                - name: production_1
                - name: production_2
```

> On startup, it will create the `prod_organization` organization with two environments, `production_1` and `production_2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On startup, the `prod_organization` organization with two environments, `production_1` and `production_2` will be created.
```

Next, you can enhance the configuration to automatically add new users to organizations and environments with predefined roles. For example, the following config makes new users join `prod_organization` as a member role and use `production_1` environment as a run role:

```helm
      bootstapConfig:
        enabled: true
        config:
          default_organizations:
            - prod_organization
          organizations:
            - name: prod_organization
              default_role: member
              default_environments:
                - production_1
              environments:
                - name: production_1
                  default_role: run
                - name: production_2
```

> Note: the default organization and environment mapping only apply on first sign in. After you can remove users from environments or change roles thru Testkube UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The default organization and environment mapping only apply on first sign in. After, you can remove users from environments or change roles thru Testkube UI.
```
